having ensured that every control has a name,
we could then think about the start in values,
starting attributes that we need to give it to the controls.
So one thing I'll do is just to make all of my labels bold.
So I'm gonna hold down the control key,
click on each one and then just go into the form of property and switch on bold and formed
on.
Second thoughts would look better in regular.
We can also think about set in a default fund and a default size.
And think about whether we want bold to be a default by talent to be a default.
And also which of these sizes we might like us a default.
So let's start with the phones.
Let's say we have impact as our title.
In times New Roman is our author default.
We simply select the combo box,
go down to the Value property and actually enter the font name in there.
So impact in this one and times new Roman in this one been for the size.
Let's say we're gonna have a default of 30 for the title and 16 for the author,
and let's say we're gonna have times New Roman bold.
So you want bold to be switched on by default.
To do that,
we simply change the value from falls to true.
Now,
logically,
having set these Fontane tributes,
the text that anyone types in here should match those attributes so we could now select
each of those text boxes going to fund and just choose the same size.
So we said 30 on the same fonts We said impact.
And then here we said,
16 times New Roman and bold.
So let's just save our changes and test that this works.
This looks like impact,
and that looks like times New Roman bold.
Another thing we'll need to do is to make this textbooks multi line.
Although we've made it two lines high as we type,
you'll see it doesn't actually go on to two lines and the attribute that will make that
happen.
It's to switch on multi line,
make sure I'm on the right.
Control fast and multilane becomes true.
The difference is if I now type,
you will just wrap onto two lines automatically.
We should also lock these two controls so the user is unable to type their font size they
actually have to use the spin buttons so I can click on this one control click on that and
locked them simultaneously by Simply put in a lot to truth.
So we're gonna run,
You'll see.
I can't actually type the value in there.
So now the spend buttons.
If you highlight a spend button,
the three most important or the three key attributes are going to be Max Men and small
change Max and Mina.
Self explanatory.
And the small changes really just the trained,
how much the value changes each time you click the up or down arrow.
So we want tohave increments of north 0.5 and the change has to be and in Georgia So the
trick is you simply multiply the value that you want by 10.
And then when you read the value from the spend button to your tax box,
you then divide it by 10 and he set In our case,
you set the small change and I need to five.
So we've said the title is in the range 24.2 36.
So that's gonna be 2 40 and the max is gonna be 3 60 then the small change is going to be
five.
And when we read the value when we come to code in in the next video,
when we read the value from the spend button into the tax box,
we simply divide the current value by five.
The final thing we need to do is to make sure that the start in value of the spin button
matches that off the textbooks.
So we just go down to value.
And we set that 2 30 you know?
Or rather,
300 forgot about the multi blown by 10 300.
Let's then do this one.
So let's do the value first.
1 60 No,
we can't value first because obviously we have the default min and Max in place.
So let's do goes first,
Max 2 40 men,
1 40 and now we can do value 1 60 Okay,
the final thing will need to do is to set up these fellas,
and when you're working with radio buttons or option buttons as they called in B B A two
things to bear in mind.
First,
do you want to set a default value?
So let's say in our case,
we want five by eight to be the default,
so we'll just switch on value.
True,
and that selects the radio button,
and they can obviously leave it as the default.
Change it to one of the other three.
The second thing you'll need to do is to give all the radio buttons a group name,
and that makes them behave as a group on this occasion will get away with it because Theo
nly radio buttons on the form are all related.
But if we were to introduce something else,
for example,
let's just click here and do Prince,
so this is no longer a size.
This is something else on its control.
Drag that and make it a book.
When we test it,
If I click on Prince,
you'll see that my book size is now de selected.
So all of these are behaving as one group because they all have the same default group Name
off blank.
In other words,
no group name it all.
So the way around that is,
you select the whole set of radio buttons or option buttons that are related,
and you give them a common group name,
so these can now be called book size and these temporary ones that I put in there.
Let's just call them Ah,
medium.
So now,
because they've got different group names when I test them these four behaviors a group and
these two behaviors a completely separate group.
Okay,
so we can now get rid of out to Kim pre radio buttons,
and hopefully that's given you a flavor off how you work with use of forms and how you
create that various controls.
Obviously,
we haven't covered everything that user forms gonna do,
but we will create other use of forms during the course off these tutorials.
So for the moment,
let's save our changes.
And in the next video,
we'll move on to look at adding code to control the way that the user for allows
interaction with the user.
Applying attributes such as font and text color to the user form itself allows you to
change the default attributes of all form controls that you subsequently create.
The locked property is used to prevent a user from changing the value of the control to
create a multi line textbooks,
as well as making the control several lines deep.
Multi line property must be set to truth,
the value property can be used to set a default value for text boxes,
combo boxes and spin buns to activate a check box or option button by default,
set its value property to truth.
The group named Property is used to ensure that eat set of option buttons created on the
form behaves as a distinct group.